hey guys welcome to lingo marina and
welcome to a new class
i just love filming in the studio uh
because
i can put in different outfits and then
i can adjust the light on that wall
based on my outfit because it has
different colors and uh
i'm this kind of i can't call myself a
geek but i really
like playing with different devices so i
hope you're enjoying this too i hope
you're watching these videos regularly
so you're
able to notice the differences in my
studio by the way
before we start before we get into the
topic quick question for you guys would
you like to see some vlogs
from silicon valley or you'd rather
stick
to the classes because i know vlogs can
be really distracting in terms of like
when i'm showing you around you might
not remember what i was talking about
because you're focused on the visual
in the format when i sit down in the
studio you can focus on what actually is
going on in the class
so let me know in comments down below
would you
want to see some vlogs or would you
rather have me stay in the
studio okay today we're gonna talk about
replacing a phrase for example in your
vocabulary because this is another
phrase that we use
all the time for example for example for
example i remember i heard for instance
for the first time when i was back at
school
and i was like well for instance doesn't
sound very natural just because i heard
it for the first time
and then i just started to realize that
people use it more and more often than i
expected
so the first phrase that you can use to
replace for example is for instance
basically has absolutely the same
meaning as for example
an example of using for instance
my friend loves to eat chocolate for
instance
he ate two chocolate bars today for
e.g exemply gra
gracia gracia gracia gratia whatever
this is latin i don't know latin but
this eg
this contraction is used in written
english so whenever
you encounter a text and it says eg
you just read for example or you can
also say eg people just say eg but
if you want to be 100 correct or if you
want to
sound smoother because eg does sound a
little
like i don't know it sounds like it's
written so whenever you're reading a
text you see eg
that means for example such as
this phrase is also used to replace for
example
but it has some specific meaning so
basically such as
introduces normally introduces a list
of things uh let me give you an example
this summer i would like to visit some
european countries such as
france italy and monaco so
if you have more than one object after
such as
you need to separate such as from the
rest of a sentence by a comma
so you will have i want to visit some
european countries this summer
coma such as france coma italy
coma and monaco but if you have only one
example
then there is no need to put a comma
there i want to visit some european
countries the summer
such as france that's it no common
either such as
class reunion to give you an idea
we use this phrase to introduce a case
or example
you can use this phrase during a
presentation because it's kind of
like you're a speaker you're actually
presenting it just implies that
so for example you're introducing a
topic of protecting animals and you say
we need to start protecting wild animals
to prevent their extinction
to give you an idea only 3 900
tigers and 1860 giant pandas remain
in the wild so to give you an idea is
like this presentation
where you introduce examples of what you
just said quick advert
here guys i watch one
netflix movie per week i try to or
one netflix tv show cause it really
helps me
not only improve my english but also
understand the context
and when i watch those movies i not only
increase my vocabulary and work my
pronunciation
i also have some common topics to
discuss with native speakers i also get
more understanding about the american
culture
and one of the movies that i can highly
recommend is called icare
a lot like this would help you
understand america first of all and it's
a great movie another one i watched it
wasn't on netflix it wasn't
a youtube premium it was citizen kane
there's another documentary on netflix
about the admissions scandal when people
got fired from universities for taking
money
what i mean is there is so much content
that would help you improve english but
sometimes
i get really frustrated that when i
travel it's not available in that
country like when i was in russia i
couldn't watch netflix
couldn't watch hbo i couldn't access my
bank but
there is a thing called vpn that helps
you
access different websites because you
can set your location not to a country
where you are
but for example to the united states and
then you can access everything
like a lot of people ask me how to watch
meghan markle in a prince harry
interview
on cbs well guys install a vpn go to cbs
and watch it for free the sponsor of
this video is nordvpn and it's a
super fast vpn service that will let you
stream that will let you watch
your favorite movies from a location of
your choice
they not only give you access to your
favorite entertainment websites
but they also help you stay anonymous
they protect your data if you are
surfing
on the internet from the airport or from
a coffee shop using public wi-fi
they don't do any data logging they have
24 7 customer support
they support up to six simultaneous
connections and they have double
data encryption for increased anonymity
they have an extension for chrome so you
just install it
and it's there for you you activate it
when you need it and it's compatible
with most
operating systems including windows mac
os
linux android etc because you watch this
video you get a special deal
every purchase of a two year plan will
get you an additional
one month free go to nordvpn.com
linguamarina or use code lingua marina
to get a two-year plan plus one
additional month with a huge discount
there is a 30-day money-back guarantee
so it will cost you
only 3.71 a month plus
you get an additional month free using
my link
below guys this is a great offer if
you're struggling to access your
favorite movies
go ahead sign up with nordvpn the link
will be below
thank you guys from nordvpn for
sponsoring this video
imagine is another phrase that is used
to replace for example
so in this case when you use imagine you
want the person to
feel what you're talking about i love
working from home
imagine spending morning afternoon
and evening with your baby without
having to commute
and then having those two or three quiet
hours in the office again without having
to commute of course if you have a home
office
this imagine just makes the situation
more
relatable imagine a very similar phrase
to imagine
in terms of what it means is the phrase
picture this
americans use it a lot so for example
for instance you need to know how to
perform a cpr
picture this somebody loses
consciousness and you don't know what to
do
like this picture this makes a person
actually think about the situation when
somebody faints in front of them and
they don't know what to do
so cpr cpi is like this heart massage
and when you help a person breathe
we did this course i took like a class
before having my first kid
just a useful skill i would suggest you
guys watch some videos just just in case
you know it's it never hurts to know
that it's not a very
sophisticated technique but it is
something that can save lives so
go ahead and watch some cpr classes
another way to work on your english by
the way
picture this say that say that is also
used
to illustrate a hypothetical situation
it is important to have a first aid kit
in your car
say that you're away from home something
happens
and you don't have anything to help you
in an emergency
to name a few this phrase suggests that
you have a lot of examples
uh let me give you an example i've
traveled
a lot by the age of 25. i went to brazil
united states ukraine russia
italy france azerbaijan kazakhstan
to name a few so to name a few that
means
you know you have a list that would
continue longer
and also one thing to remember to name a
few would normally be
at the end of the sentence separated by
the comma
to name a few to illustrate or as an
illustration
if you watch my toefl videos to
illustrate
is a phrase that i used a lot in my
templates both for
writing and speaking because this is
just another way to say for example and
if you're taking a test
it is really important to replace all of
the words because you get additional
scores for using different phrases
for diversified vocabulary so there is a
speaking task in toefl where you would
have a text about some particular
phenomenon
and then you will have a professor
talking about an example of that
phenomenon like for example
i don't know they would have like
animals who live in the arctic and then
a professor would talk about polar bears
and you can say that
the article talks about animals who live
in the arctic
and this is the way they survive there
to illustrate
the way they survive the professor uses
the example of a polar
bear or you can also say as an
illustration
my sons really get on well as an
they are five years apart but they
always spend time together
to show you what i mean this is really
an informal phrase
uh and let me give you an example
thumbnails are really important for a
video
to show you what i mean here are two
thumbnails which one do you think
performed better
consider a situation in which again this
is a more formal phrase and this is
where you would ask a person to imagine
something happening
it is great to prepare meals in advance
consider a situation
in which you get back home late from
work and you have nothing to eat
how good it would be to have prepared
meals in your fridge
case in point this phrase replaces for
example
and also helps you prove what you mean
ari technology
is really one of the best case in point
our clients attract
5x more customers case in point
a very similar phrase to that is as
proof
my diet is really effective as proof i
lost
5 pounds in the past few weeks and the
last but not the least
in particular is a phrase that helps you
emphasize something
i really like my job in particular i
really like to get feedback from you
guys
thank you so much for watching this
video up to the very end i hope it was
useful for you and i hope it helps you
prepare for exams enhance your
vocabulary and just take a step up in
your english
if you're not yet subscribed this
channel hit the subscribe button and
i'll see you very soon in my next videos
bye bye